♪ MTV
[helicopter rotors whirring]
♪ urgent, pulsing music ♪
***
You can get out. You don't have
to wait for the rotors to stop.
Like it's my first time
in a fucking helicopter.
[thudding click]
- [flicking switches]
- [engine powering down]
[Cruz]
What the fuck was that?
I don't ask questions.
They point, I hustle.
[Joe]
Nice. That's just great.
That's how to maintain OPSEC.
[sighs]
- Who the fuck are they?
- [Kyle] I know they're on
our ass about the budget, but
I think we can swing breakfast.
- Are they vetted?
- Did I vet
the Army culinary corps? No.
That's the Army's job.
[Joe] Thank you, gentlemen,
That will be all.
But we've still got three more--
Thank you, that will be all.
- [phone chimes]
- And I suggest
you forget about
ever meeting us,
or we'll never forget
meeting you. Understood?
Yes, ma'am.
Don't worry, Joe, the Provigil's
gonna wear off in about an hour.
Fuck you.
Don't come at me
with that fucking shit!
And you...
I didn't see many drugs
with all the fucking children
they're trafficking.
My intel said
that that warehouse
was a transshipment station.
It is a fucking
transshipment station!
- [Kyle] Joe--
- What fucking intel did you get?
- You don't got shit!
- Joe.
What?!
Hey.
[exhales]
Take a deep breath, all right?
Cartels are bad.
- Fucking bad.
- [scoffs]
But this bullshit is a detour.
We need to stay on our road.
Those are children, Kyle.
Children.
And in two weeks they're
someone's fucking sex toy.
♪ dramatic, haunting music ♪
***
[line ringing]
[woman over phone]
Nighthawk reporting.
[Westfield]
Put her through.
Joe?
- Yes, sir.
- Help me understand
- what I'm looking at here.
- The warehouse appears
to be a holding station
for individuals
being prepped across the border.
Ages range from...
from eight to 18.
Possibly early 20s
for some of the young women.
But most looked mid-teens
or younger.
- No narcotics?
- No, sir.
Contraband of any kind?
Only the human kind, sir.
Well, difficult
to confiscate that kind.
We'd like to try, sir.
Rescue missions don't give
the illusion of a rival cartel.
Why does it need
to be an illusion?
That illusion
only needs to exist
for my Lioness,
and then only for her,
at this point, anyway.
There seems to be
about 300 of them,
and they are on the move, Joe.
This isn't surgical,
this is 82nd Airborne.
It's not what we do.
Right now it still appears
to be an attack
by a rival cartel,
so let's just keep it that way.
That's easy for you to say.
You aren't the one
leaving them behind.
I am the one giving the orders.
I am absolutely the one
leaving them behind.
You're not the only mother
on this call, Joe.
Now turn your heart off
and your brain back on.
[exhales]
Get the Lioness to Dallas
and insert her.
May I suggest
no more tandem missions
with DEA?
[Westfield]
Noted.
What a fucking mess.
Is there any chatter out there
about us being involved?
[analyst]
Mexican authorities asking
when Sonorans got helos.
They think it's another cartel.
Get some buzz out
supporting that.
This has potential to work.
Yeah. Maybe.
If it doesn't cook all
of our operators in the process.
[breathes deeply]
[sniffles]
♪ slow, somber music
***
We getting back
in the game, boss?
- Negative.
- We're not going after 'em?
[Kyle] And blow our mission
on day one? No.
CBP, DEA will intercept
when they reach the border.
You can tell us no,
just don't lie to us.
Who the fuck is Border Patrol
allowed to detain?
[Two Cups]
They wrote the zip code
of their destination
on these kids' fucking hands.
Okay? That's how worried
they are about being detained.
[Tracer] Don't act like
you didn't see the same shit
daily in Afghanistan.
Man, you guys got soft
playing HRT,
watching The View on cable
with your catered breakfast.
- Fuck you, Tracer.
- [Joe] Hey!
Guys!
When did this
become a democracy?
I asked, Washington said no.
End of story.
Back to Dallas.
- Insert her today.
- No.
No, I did not sign up for this.
I did not sign up
- for any of this.
- You absolutely signed...
- You absolutely did.
- Well, I changed my mind.
It doesn't work like that.
Then fucking court-martial me!
Please!
I can't wait to testify!
Cruz, you're up.
I'm up for what?
- Manage your asset.
- Oh, she's my asset now?
She's been your asset
since you got here.
A quick word, Joe?
Those are tools.
I know what they are.
Then why are you asking a tool
for its opinion?
I'm not.
But on this,
we all have the same opinion.
[laughs softly]
You start letting tools think,
they start deciding
how they want to be used.
Hey, hey, hey, hey.
The rules of my fucking game
change while we play it.
I need them all to think.
That's the difference
between your fucking tools
and mine.
Get ready to travel.
Are you fucking kidding me?
Okay. We're gonna
do this now, huh?
[line ringing]
- [Westfield] Yes, Joe.
- Deputy director of the CIA.
Who wants it?
[Two Cups clears throat]
Nobody?
I didn't think so.
Stow your gear.
Wheels up in an hour.
Bobby?
Yeah.
Check your email.
For what?
I got a tracker
on one of the kids.
Okay.
What do you want me to do?
- We going rogue?
- [sighs]
There's what I want to do
and what I should do.
Kyle?
If I knew where some of these
kids would be crossing...
...what could you do about it?
How could you?
Just play
the fucking hypothetical.
There's not much I can do.
We didn't find any drugs.
I'd have to bring in CBP
and HSI.
I don't recall you
searching them for drugs.
- I didn't.
- So-so you don't know.
They could be muling these kids.
It's doubtful, but yes.
They don't like
to mix contraband.
Back to my original question.
If I knew where they were
crossing, what would you do?
- Do you know when?
- I know when.
How the fuck do you know when?
[Kyle]
All right, man, just stop
with the questions.
Just fucking answers, all right?
If I knew the where
and the when,
I'd stage an SRT unit
to intercept once they crossed.
Can I peel off part of my team
to observe and advise?
Advise how?
They're gonna tell you
where and when,
and then they'll make sure you
don't fuck up the intercept.
Why don't you tell me
the where and when now?
Because it's not admissible
in court,
and it's classified.
But we can share with you
certain coordinates
and timelines that will not
violate TS restrictions.
Who do you want?
Give me Cruz, Tucker and Tex.
I need Cruz with me,
and Tex on surveillance.
[sighs] Tucker, then,
but that leaves me fucking slim.
- You got me and Tracer.
- Fucking joy.
[Joe]
I'll drop the team in Dallas,
and I'll be back before dark.
They won't move before dark.
She has tactical command,
I need Kyle to have
operational command.
You're out of your fucking mind.
- I... this--
- I can't swallow that pill.
Oh, you know what?
Fuck this, man.
We-we all got FBI credentials.
We'll just do it without you.
All right?
I'll call in an HRT team.
[Gutierrez]
Okay, okay. Fine.
Okay, that's fine.
But your orders
flow through fucking me.
You fucking understand?
[Kyle]
Yep.
"Yep."
We'll get this figured.
[sighs]
[door closes]
[Josie groans, scoffs]
[Josie] These thumpers
get younger every year.
What is there, a selection
in middle school around here?
[laughs softly]
What do you think you are?
Lioness. Whatever that means,
since no one
will fucking tell me.
I can tell you.
Where?
Started in Kuwait.
Ended up on the East Coast.
And then can't say.
Did you complete your mission?
Yeah. I completed my mission.
You still part of the program?
I'm with a different unit now.
Do you know what my mission is?
I'm supposed to look at people
I love in the eye, lie to them,
blow their whole
fucking world apart,
take their freedom,
maybe even their lives.
You think you could do that?
I looked the only person I ever
loved in the eye, lied to her,
then blew her world apart...
right in front of her.
You're not a part of the QRF.
- No.
- What's your mission now?
To protect the mission
from everything,
including you.
[sighs]
You see some of the things
I've seen,
do some of the things I've done.
You know what I learned?
The world is
this close to chaos.
At all times.
Five percent of people
are saints.
Five percent are evil.
In their soul, stone evil.
The other 90...
...they're just sheep.
They will follow
whoever has the upper hand.
That is what we fight for.
There is no winning.
There is just the upper hand.
What does this have to do
with my family?
Is your father a saint?
He is not.
He's not a saint.
Is he a sheep?
Is that how you would
describe him?
Think about the nine-year-olds
at the warehouse
before you answer that.
No. He's not a sheep.
He's not a sheep.
So he's evil.
No.
No, he's not evil. He's...
...morally compromised.
Okay, weak, sure.
He profits from the suffering
of others. He's evil.
Do you think it makes it
easier, believing that?
I don't think
it makes it easier.
[door closes]
Nothing makes it easier,
but you swore an oath
when you enlisted,
and there was
no asterisk beside it.
We don't choose the enemy.
We just choose the fight.
We can choose not to fight,
but choosing not to fight is
how warehouses fill up
with children.
Wheels up.
Get your gear.
♪ slow, somber music
***
[Joe sighs]
Tex.
Have you formed an opinion
about our Lioness?
Yeah. Doesn't want to be here.
- No.
- It's a, it's a pretty
shitty foundation to build on.
What I did haunts me,
and I begged you for the chance.
Look, I don't know how you trust
someone who doesn't want it
from the start.
I don't. That's why you're here.
She needs to believe
that her father isn't
the target, which is true.
She needs to think
he has a chance.
Why don't you just turn him?
Offer him immunity,
get him on our side?
What would you fear more,
30 years in a federal prison
or your wife disemboweled
in front of you
before your face is removed
with a belt sander?
Nobody's ever made an informant
out of a top-tier
cartel member, ever.
Maybe not, but...
when's the last time you had
one of their daughters try?
Just saying.
Now we're managing
two assets, at least.
Look, he's not a terrorist.
He's not laundering money
for a cause.
He's doing it to get rich.
Can't DOJ just give him
a new identity
and park him in some mansion
in Idaho somewhere?
Let him be rich?
Then we're not laying out bait,
hoping he takes it.
Would you take it
if you were him?
It's his fucking daughter.
There's no way to pin him down.
Assume they have eyes
on his house,
on his office,
eyes on him when he travels.
Everyone in his life is a spy.
His maid, his cook.
Cartels don't use
surveillance equipment,
they use people,
and their people are everywhere.
- She does it.
- The pilot?
Yeah.
The fucking helicopter
pilot is gonna
flip the brother
of the leader of Los Tigres.
Come on. Think about it.
No. She has zero training
in working a double.
Look, she doesn't believe
in the mission.
You don't believe in her.
That's why I'm here, right?
Give her something
to believe in.
Let her believe
her family has a chance,
and then give 'em one.
[chuckles softly]
You got smart.
When did you get smart?
I've always been smart.
You just didn't notice.
[line rings]
- [phone buzzes]
- [Meade] Oh.
Hold on. Hey.
Hey, there's something I want
to talk to you about in person.
Can you meet me at Bliss?
In person? Uh...
well, this is gonna take
about four...
- Yeah, I can be there by eight.
- Darling, we have,
we have the Medal of Freedom
dinner tonight.
- Oh.
- Medal
- of Freedom.
- [Meade] No. Sorry.
Uh, I have plans tonight.
I can be there in the morning.
Okay. Tomorrow.
- We'll talk then.
- Mm-hmm. I'll see you then.
[line clicks]
- Well done.
- Thank you.
All's pretty quiet
on the Western Front.
These things take time, Mandy.
October's a bad time
for surprises.
Getting dangerously close
to an election.
We aren't planning
any surprises.
We haven't seen any plans at
Foreign Intelligence, Kaitlyn.
Nothing at all.
Plans are better after the fact.
When we have no say?
When there is no risk
for operational security
being breached.
If you can't trust
a Senate subcommittee
- to keep a secret--
- Don't.
Come on, Mandy.
It's too early to insult
- either of our intelligence.
- [Albright clears throat]
Interesting story
out of Del Rio.
Cartels have helicopters now?
- [chuckles softly]
- Who's insulting who, Kaitlyn?
Skirmishes with cartels is
its own Vietnam, Kaitlyn.
They are pawns in the game.
Mm. Mm-hmm.
Everyone can call
China the enemy,
and they can say
the same thing about us,
but don't forget,
40% of our imports
come from there.
- Mm-hmm.
- We're married, darling.
And it's best we stay that way.
Nobody survives the divorce.
No one's talking about divorce.
They moved their castle
a little too close to our queen,
and that is all.
So we take a few chess pieces
to remind them of the rules.
Oh.
What rules this time?
Just don't fuck with our queen.
Wake her up.
[quietly]
Hey.
Come back here for a sec.
Let's talk.
♪ slow, intriguing music ♪
***
I understand
the position you're in.
I respect it.
I have a family of my own.
And the notion of,
the notion of betraying them
is no notion,
if you know what I mean.
It's a tough spot to be in,
and I'm sorry you're there.
Maybe there's a way
to achieve our goal
and limit risk to your family.
What would that be?
You tell your father the truth.
If he cooperates,
then your family is moved,
then your family is placed
in protective custody.
We'll move them,
needless to say,
but the lifestyle they're
accustomed to will continue.
Move them where?
Aspen, Telluride,
Upstate New York.
We've had good success there.
No. My parents,
they don't like the cold.
[sighs]
Then they should buy a coat.
What the fuck?
I'm not negotiating with you.
I'm making an offer.
The alternative
to that offer... [exhales]
The alternative is why you cried
when we met.
If he says no?
At this point,
I have no faith in you.
And I don't know him,
so we raid his house...
take him into custody,
freeze his assets,
confiscate
all his personal property.
Who do you think they're
gonna go after first?
Your family?
Your father
in a Dallas County jail?
I don't know.
Won't much matter then.
It's out of my hands.
You said my uncle was
the mission.
Your father's the mission now.
- Why?
- [Joe] Because this is
how he survives.
And I can trust him to do that.
So, you pick him up,
present him the options--
I'm not presenting shit to him.
You are.
He's your father.
This gives them a chance.
He'll see that.
Just, just present the choice.
[breathes deeply]
Say he agrees. Then what?
Mission stays the same.
You bring us closer to Alvaro.
We identify his contact
with MSS. That's it.
We'll take it from there.
You think you can sell that?
I can sell that.
So, we're putting her
straight in?
There's a separate rental
under her last name.
Pay with her card.
You do have a credit card,
don't you?
You want to put this
on my credit card?
Well, mine goes back
to the federal government,
so what do you think?
Don't take your eyes off of her.
I'll be back tomorrow.
Randy, if it gets even a little
squirrelly, just pull her.
♪ dramatic string music ♪
***
[pilot]
We're good on fuel.
We can go whenever.
Want to stretch your legs?
Let's go.
***
[engine shuts off]
Let's clear it to be sure.
All right.
♪ tense music
***
[tape peels]
[Two Cups]
Tex, sweetheart?
- Yeah, we're clear.
- [Two Cups] I love that.
We're good to go.
[typing]
[Two Cups]
We've got a world.
Dad's home.
Oh. Whoa-whoa-whoa,
who-who, who are those guys?
Yard crew, looks like.
Can't believe this guy
walks around with no security.
- [Tex] Eh, he's a money guy.
- [Randy] Yeah, well,
that's who I'd guard
the closest.
Did they pull titles
on the neighbors?
Yeah, I did, they're in trusts.
[Two Cups]
No, no, buddy.
They ain't in trusts,
they're in S corps.
Maybe the reason there's
no security on the property
is 'cause they stage it
in one of these houses.
[Tex]
Hmm.
Want to have TFO
get into their Wi-Fi?
Well, what are they looking for?
Looking for a security feed
from the Carrillo house
on a neighboring server.
- Okay. I'll do it.
- [typing]
[line ringing]
[phone buzzes]
- [Joe] Hey.
- Hold on.
[Joe]
Okay.
- Okay.
- She's in Dallas.
Goes in today.
Mm-hmm. Where are you?
I'm back to El Paso.
I'm chasing it from
the other direction.
Who's putting her in?
Cruz.
That's a lot of trust.
[sighs]
No more than you gave me.
You had more experience.
She's better at this than I was.
Quicker on her feet.
Doesn't have to work so hard
for the fucking answer.
If it's okay with you,
I want to give her a lot
of rein on this.
All right.
She's got to go
to the Farm, Joe.
Be on a desk,
work from an embassy.
I didn't.
- You're different.
- She's like me.
Except she doesn't have
a husband and two daughters.
Just don't give her
too much rein.
We're already improvising this
operation too much as it is.
Thank you.
[phone clatters]
[grunts]
[faucet running]
[dialing]
[line rings]
Well, I like this stateside gig.
You call at decent hours.
Don't get used to it.
Actually...
Yeah, get used to it.
I'd like to get used to it.
- I have my way out.
- Your way out?
Your way out of what?
A window to more time
with you and the girls.
Okay. Well, you know what?
That's a conversation
worth having.
In our backyard,
under the stars,
a bottle of wine or three.
[chuckles]
Three bottles, Doctor?
Yeah. Yeah.
I'm actually gonna prescribe it.
Better drink all your medicine.
Hey, girls, 15 minutes.
You have big plans tonight?
Oh, yeah. Big plans.
Double date. [grunts]
Me and Charlie and Kate
and her boyfriend,
the heavy-petting champion
of Fairfax County.
I wish we could just...
fucking drown him in the pool.
I know.
I mean, we could.
It would test your relationship
at the DOJ, and I have
that Hippocratic oath thing.
But might be worth it.
A very inconvenient oath
with a teenage daughter.
Maybe I'll just
bore him to death.
That sounds like a good plan.
I love you.
I love you, too, honey.
I'm gonna call you
tomorrow, okay?
Okay.
- Bye.
[copilot]
We're beginning our descent.
Yep.
[Cruz] One thing this job
has taught me,
crime sure fucking pays.
- [hyperventilating]
- Hey, slow your breathing.
Slow your breathing.
I'm trying, I'm trying.
Okay, deep breath in.
Close your eyes.
- [gasping]
- Close your eyes.
Get your shit together
or you're gonna get us
both fucking killed.
[continues gasping]
Sitting here's
making it fucking worse.
We're a giant bull's-eye
in the middle of the street.
[gasping shallowly]
You good?
[puts car in gear]
Let's just fucking do this.
♪ pulsing, tense music
Okay to leave it
in the driveway?
- I don't know.
- I will take that as a yes.
Ah, fuck.
[Josie sighs deeply]
[car alarm chirps]
[exhales softly]
Girls are going in.
Security cameras
run a feed into a server
to this fucking house.
[clicking mouse]
[Tracer] Hey, do we have any
control over the satellite?
- Can we zoom in on the image?
- What for?
Because I like to get a sense
of how many bandits
are trucking this group across.
Bandits are on our side.
They join up on the cross.
And you know this
from your vast experience
working with Mexican smugglers?
Oh, you think this border's
any different
than Syria, Iran, Pakistan,
fucking Turkey?
Uh, yes, I do.
Hey, how big is this group
bringing 'em across?
Two, maybe three.
- Is that it?
- Well, until they cross.
So the detail
that's set to intercept,
they're already here.
Listen to that. It's like
a fucking echo in here.
Ah, I bet you two were
one hell of a crazy couple.
Oh, God.
And how big is the group
over here?
Well, that depends
on the value of the cargo.
If it's a hot load,
three to four spotters,
half dozen to escort,
another half dozen to intercept.
Okay, so walk me through
a hot load.
[Bobby laughing]
God, there's so much
I could say right now.
I won't, but there's
so fucking much.
[Tracer]
You know what? Fuck you, Bobby.
Oh, been there,
done that, peewee.
Not worth the fucking ride.
[Kyle]
A little mission focus here?
And, yeah, if you think
the border is anything
like navigating those
booger-eaters in Eastern Iran,
you got a very tough lesson
coming, Bobby.
- We ready?
- [Tucker] Thank God. Shit.
Anything to get these two
to shut the fuck up.
You hear that?
Rather get into
a motherfucking gunfight
than to listen to any more
of this horseshit.
[sighs]
Gutierrez, where's your team?
- Idling outside.
- All right, let's go.
Ooh, why are you ringing
the doorbell?
- It's your house, isn't it?
- I forgot, I don't know.
Fuck, I don't know.
[Maria]
Atzi?
¿Por qué tocaste el timbre,
mi amor?
- [laughs]
- [Josie] No sé.
Pero dios mío.
Why are you so skinny?
Have you been sick?
I'm not skinny, Mom, I'm fit.
I've been in the desert
for two years.
You're never gonna have babies
like this.
- Mom.
- [Maria sighs]
I'm sorry.
I know, I know, I know.
So, who's your friend?
- Cruz.
- Cruz?
Oh, it's, uh, it's a nickname.
Paulina, but please
never call me that.
Well, very nice
to meet you, Cruz.
Oh, please come on in.
I'm so happy to see you.
Come in.
- Welcome.
- Thanks.
[speaking Spanish]
How serious do they take dinner?
My mother will be dressed like
the governor's coming over.
She buys all that shit,
she's got to wear it somewhere.
Yeah? Dad never takes her out?
Dad never goes out.
He just goes to work
and comes home.
That's it.
At least
that's how it used to be.
I left home when I was 18.
I have no idea what they do now.
Hey, I don't talk about this
in front of my mother, do I?
We have dinner,
you tell them the truth.
Most of the truth.
If they ask me about us,
I defer to you.
You can make up whatever
you want, I'll remember it.
At some point, ask them
if you guys can speak alone.
That's it.
Okay, so I ask to speak alone,
and then what?
When do you come in?
I don't come in
unless he asks me to come in.
If he does, you bring him
to me in this room.
Don't let him out of your sight
once you've made him
the offer, you got it?
There's eyes everywhere in here.
Team's watching.
Nothing bad's gonna happen.
Not here anyway, okay?
If you found out your father
was funding terrorists,
would you hesitate
for one second to turn him in?
No.
You love him?
[exhales]
I love who he was.
I...
I love memories.
We're not changing memories.
[exhales]
♪ pensive music
***
[TV announcers speaking Spanish]
[knock at door]
Cena está lista, señor.
¿Quién es la chica con mi hija?
Una amiga.
Una novia.
Parece soldada.
[TV announcers speaking Spanish]
[footfalls approach]
No, thank you.
- You don't drink wine?
- No, I don't drink at all.
- Since when?
- Since I became a pilot.
Oh, wow.
You know,
in high school this one,
every weekend was Cinco de Mayo,
Cinco de Agosto,
Cinco de Octubre.
All the time there was
a Cinco de something.
And she was always
with the boys.
She ran in a pack of them.
Hmm?
They didn't take your license?
Uh, military pilots
aren't issued licenses,
only civilian aviators.
So you can get one?
I mean, I-I guess,
if I pass the test. I don't...
I don't know how a dishonorable
discharge affects the process.
What did you do that
was dishonorable?
I didn't do anything
dishonorable.
Then why were you discharged?
Hmm?
Ustedes vieron la noticia.
[whispers] I don't know
what I'm supposed to say here.
Tell them the truth.
State Department sent officials
to our base
through known enemy territory
without notifying the base
for proper escort.
I was sent to provide cover,
which I did,
but rather than they take
the blame themselves,
they decided to say
that I initiated the assault.
What actually happened was that
I saved their fucking lives.
- Hey.
- Sorry.
Now here we are.
How many Apache pilots
are women?
I don't know.
I do.
I looked it up.
82.
Out of 1,500.
The Army does
sensitivity training now.
When I served,
there was none of that shit.
There was no bathroom
of the gender you decide
you are today
or any of that bullshit.
Army can't get anyone
to enlist anymore
and put up with that shit.
So they got no choice.
Recruit women, recruit men
who think they're women
and women
who think they are men.
My point is,
of all the people
to make an example out of,
a woman seems like a terrible
choice in this new Army.
They should have
given you a medal.
That's what I said.
You in the Army?
I was a Marine.
What specialty?
I was a Raider.
You see what I mean?
Women and fags
and fucking ladyboys and dykes.
- That's our Army now.
- Pablo!
I was damn good at my job, Dad.
I don't question that.
The first sign
an empire is failing
is when its people question
the institutions
the empire was built on.
The structure of government,
the churches, the schools.
They reject God
because the emperors
begin believing they are God.
And the people become so rich,
everyone believes
they are an emperor as well.
And too good to do the jobs
that built the empire
in the first place.
So they outsource those jobs.
And they open their borders
to allow people desperate
to do all the other jobs
the other people
are too rich to do.
Then comes the guilt
for all this wealth.
But still the empire thrives.
And now everyone questions
their wealth.
Then they question themselves.
And then they reject everything
that built the empire
to begin with.
They destroy their own symbols,
attack themselves like a cancer,
attack the people
who protect the empire,
attack you for protecting it.
Then the wolves come.
And all the people
who lived like emperors
will know the suffering
they blamed themselves
for creating.
And they will be slaughtered.
And a new empire will rise
from its ashes.
Then the cycle
begins again.
[Maria clears throat]
Eat the soup first.
It's very refreshing
and cleanses the palette.
♪ pensive music ♪
***
♪ suspenseful music
[Joe]
What the fuck are you doing?
[agent]
I can't see shit.
[Joe]
You don't need to see shit.
You just need to follow me.
The whole fucking world
can see that.
[Bobby]
600 meters and closing.
[Joe]
Tucker, get high ground.
Tell me what you see.
[Tucker]
Coming up on the river now.
I got armed personnel
moving south towards the river.
Spotter.
Your three o'clock.
Joe?
Raise your hand.
I got you.
Armed personnel.
Your one o'clock.
100 meters.
I count six.
[Joe]
Move to contact.
[Gutierrez whispering]
Where the fuck you going?
[Joe whispering]
Stay here.
They're crossing
the fucking river.
On point.
What the fuck? Shit.
Spotter has thermal.
[gunshots]
[gunfire]
[whispers]
They're moving towards us.
- Coming across the river.
- Take the lead.
[panting]
- [gunfire]
- [Gutierrez] Man down!
[overlapping shouting]
[gunshots]
[Gutierrez]
Reloading!
[grunts]
I got her.
Three o'clock.
[Tucker]
I can't positively ID the child.
[whirring]
Fuck.
[drone explodes]
The drones are armed.
The drones are armed!
[panting]
[whirring]
Incoming!
Fuck.
Boss, they tore this DEA
team up something good.
[Bobby]
There she is.
- [Joe] Where?
- Right there.
[Joe]
I don't see her.
[Tucker] Looks like she's coming
up around your one o'clock.
[panting]
[Joe] I got her, I got her.
I'm almost there.
-¡Alto! !Policía! ¡Alto!
- [overlapping shouting]
-¡Levanten las manos!
- I want to see your hands!
-¡Alto! !Alto!
- Get down!
[overlapping shouting]
[high-pitched ringing]
[gasps]
[panting]
♪ rousing music ♪
***